we have arrived at the house which was
targeted by Israeli war planes earlier
all the members of the family living
here were killed more than 10 bodies
were found in this room alone according
to Witnesses many of those killed were
shot at close range by Israeli Soldiers
the witnesses say they were killed in
Cold
Blood we recovered 10 bodies from that
house and another body was found here
and if you look around you'll find all
these industrial plants destroyed total
Destruction the Israelis destroyed all
that came in their path may God punish
them as I'm speaking to you we hear a
loud explosion over there the Israeli
soldiers are detonating explosives in
what remained of the residential
buildings inside alag magazi refugee
camp close to salahudin Road all these
industrial workshops and Facilities have
been reduced to Rubble there's huge
destruction here as a result of the
Israeli military's merciless missile
strikes along with its artillery
shelling in the past few days a few
hours ago the Israeli soldiers pulled
out of this area leaving Behind These
scenes of
Devastation I'm standing at what was
once the main highway road of salahudin
leading to the elmazi nirit and barage
refugee camps the Israeli occupation
forces pulled their troops out of this
area
after causing destruction not only to
the infrastructure but to people's
property as well and since all the roads
were destroyed ambulances have not been
able to navigate them in order to
recover the bodies which are now
decomposing make sure to subscribe to
our channel to get the latest news from
Al
jazer